---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-home":null,"aliases":["House"],"permalink":"/player-character-private/tryzan/boreas-clan-unknown-history/boreas-houses/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

After the unification, the [[Boreas Clan/Boreas Clan\|Boreas Clan]] people of the clan divided themselves into familial houses. Members of these houses weren't connected biologically in most cases (at least directly), but instead were connected by the fact that before unification they belonged to the same clans.
Often members of one house shared scale colour but it was mostly because of their shared ancestry and location of their origin.
These houses after centuries naturally dissolved because of the more unified structure of the clan and were forgotten by most scholars or turned into legends.
 The 5 most prominent Boreas Houses were:
 - [[House Valorean\|House Valorean]] - most members of the house were white and silver dragonborn who before the unification lived in the highest layers of the [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Misc. Landmarks/Glacier Plain\|Glacier Plain]] where the temperature was the lowest, members of the House Valorean were the most resilient to low temperatures and were proficient in magic.
 - [[House Asarean\|House Asarean]] - most members of the house were blue and bronze dragonborn who before the unification lived in the rocky caves near what is now [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Mountains/Asal Mountain\|Asal Mountain]], their specialisation was weather control and this is the house from which [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] originated from.
 - [[House Eldurean\|House Eldurean]] - most members of the house were red and gold dragonborn who before the unification lived in the hottest and the deepest parts of the [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Misc. Landmarks/Glacier Plain\|Glacier Plain]] because of their militaristic culture they were the hardest clan to unify (that was successfully unified) and their culture of war was imprinted the most on the Boreas Clan.
 - [[House Verdakean\|House Verdakean]] - most members of the house were green dragonborn who before the unification lived in the region of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Misc. Landmarks/Glacier Plain\|Glacier Plain]] where massive wurms went at the end of their life cycle and died, creating a massive rotting graveyard filled with fungi, scavengers and myconids on the northern part of the [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Misc. Landmarks/Glacier Plain\|Glacier Plain]]. House Verdakean were a peaceful and druidic clan who joined the unified Boreas Clan without a fight.
 - [[House Syrlean\|House Syrlean]] - most members of the house were black and copper dragonborn who before the unification lived nearby hyper-saline brine pools and rivers that formed inside the [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Misc. Landmarks/Glacier Plain\|Glacier Plain]] and used their biodiversity to lure large filter feeders into the traps they've built along the costs of these rivers and lakes. This clan trusted [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] the least but still joined the unified clan because of the threat that doing otherwise posed. 