---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-home":null,"permalink":"/player-character-private/tryzan/boreas-clan-unknown-history/the-unifier/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

- Dragonborn who lived before the [[Dilaria History/Historical Events/Melting\|Melting]], who unified the dragonborn under one flag.
- Despite what the legends say, the unification process was brutal and resulted in extermination of entire dragonborn clans that opposed [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]].
- The unification begun because [[House Asarean\|House Asarean]] was threatened by more technologically advanced [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/Gruukhaar clan\|Gruukhaar clan]] who according to The Unifier attacked unprovoked.
- After the unification, [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/Gruukhaar clan\|Gruukhaar clan]] was defeated and pushed back thanks to [[Boreas Clan/Boreas Clan\|Boreas Clan]] greater numbers. 
- Tryzan can remember that [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] claimed that he was guided by an ancient god, through this guidance he was able to create a powerful [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/Sceptre of the Unifier\|sceptre]] which he used both a weapon against his foes and to show that his goals were holy.
- [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] claimed that his [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/Sceptre of the Unifier\|sceptre]] was powerful enough to kill gods, but it was never proven.
- Specifics on how [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] died are unknown, the only thing you can remember is the fact that he died few weeks after the [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/Gruukhaar clan\|Gruukhaar clan]] retreated and he claimed that he stopped hearing the god that guided him before he died. Most theories claim that he has died because of the physical and mental toll that the war with Gruukhaar took on him.
- After his death his two sons inherited the rule over the clan, and because the eldest son was the oldest living member of the original clan that [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] came from, and the youngest son was considered the strongest warrior of the [[Boreas Clan/Boreas Clan\|Boreas Clan]], the tradition of  [[Boreas Clan/Misc/The Oldest\|The Oldest]] and [[Boreas Clan/Misc/The Strongest\|The Strongest]] begun.
- [[Player Character (Private)/Tryzan/Boreas Clan Unknown History/The Unifier\|The Unifier]] has expressed multiple times that after the unification of the clan, there would be no more violence, he believed that violence and power is the mean not the goal itself. This idea was forgotten after he died.