---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-home":null,"permalink":"/world-building/dilaria-continent/dilaria-cities/port-emas-folder/port-emas/","dgPassFrontmatter":true}
---

- Costal City. The largest city to the west of the [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Mountains/Asal Mountain\|Asal Mountain]], located on [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Plains and Forests/Emas plains\|Emas plains]].
- One of the 3 biggest cities on [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria\|Dilaria]], created after [[Characters/Tenazir\|Tenazir]] created the [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Landmarks/Misc. Landmarks/Artificial Sun\|Artificial Sun]]
- [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] was established by [[Characters/Alexander Emas\|Alexander Emas]], a skilled warrior and a leader who trained and mobilized the human slaves, who became the largest force under [[Characters/Tenazir\|Tenazir]] during the escape from the underground.
- Economy of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] is based around trade, military, hunting and fishing. Despite not having access to natural [[Items & Concepts/Salur\|Salur]] reserves, it's close economic relations with [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Cairan folder/Cairan\|Cairan]] allow [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] to survive summers and winters thanks to [[Items & Concepts/Salur lanterns\|Salur lanterns]]. 
- The form of government that [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] uses is monarchy, all Kings of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] can be linked to [[Characters/Alexander Emas\|Alexander Emas]] himself though the line is no longer direct. Currently the king doesn't have as much power as he used to, and now his advisors (especially military and trade advisors) hold a lot of power over their respective fields, the advisors are chosen by the groups they are representing and the king cannot (officially) interfere in the process.
- Currently the king of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] is [[Characters/Henry Perak\|Henry Perak]].
Characteristics of the people of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]]
- In [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] being useful is the most important.
- Because of the pragmatism and instrumentalism the citizens value manual workers, craftsmen and manufacturers a lot, as well as hunters and soldiers, these people usually become land owners.
- In [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] most citizens get the opportunity to learn a trade of their choice but they very rarely get any 2nd chances, if you aren't useful enough regardless of the reason, you won't get anything from the city, because of this, there is prejudice against disabled people, the only exception are military veterans.
- Citizens of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] don't care too much about magic, they find it useful but nothing beyond that. They often view magic users especially sorcerers as lazy and performative.
- Most citizens are humans of halflings but other [[Items & Concepts/terrestrial humanoids\|terrestrial humanoids]] can be found too.
- Citizens of [[World Building/Dilaria Continent/Dilaria Cities/Port Emas Folder/Port Emas\|Port Emas]] usually don't worship any gods, they view them as lazy and undeserving of their power regardless of how they treat people of Emas.